# Federal and California Legislated Employment Benefits

Zinc employees are provided with the following legislated employee benefits. It
is the employee’s obligation to inform management promptly of any updates to
all relevant personal information so that Zinc can administer its benefits
correctly.

## Social Security (FICA)
All employees are covered by the social security law (Federal Insurance
Contributions Act, or FICA). Required contributions are made by both the
employee and by the employer. There are several benefits available to the
insured worker, dependent or survivors such as retirement, disability, death or
Medicare payments. Contact the Social Security Administration for further
details. The employee’s required contribution is deducted from each paycheck
until the required annual amount is met.

## California State Disability Insurance (SDI)
All California employees are covered under the California State Disability
Insurance Plan. This plan provides each employee with some income if he/she is
unable to work due to disability or injury which is not job related. The
employee should contact the California Employment Development Department
(“EDD”), Disability Insurance Claims, if he/she wishes to file for this
benefit. More information is available at www.edd.ca.gov. Attached to this
Handbook is the EDD Disability Insurance Program “Fact Sheet.” The employee’s
required contribution is deducted from each paycheck until the required annual
amount is met.

## California Paid Family Leave (PFL)
California PFL is a state-sponsored insurance program within the SDI program.
It applies to employees at companies of any size to provide them with partial
wage replacement for up to six weeks in any twelve-month period while they are
absent from work to care for a seriously ill child, spouse or domestic partner,
parent, grandparent, grandchild, sibling, parent-in-law or to bond with a new
child. Like SDI, PFL is a form of wage replacement and does not create the
right to a leave of absence and does not guarantee reinstatement rights in
addition to those already mandated by law. The PFL program is funded entirely
through increased employee contributions to the SDI fund. Attached to this
Handbook is the EDD information sheet “Paid Family Leave Insurance Program.”
More information is available at www.edd.ca.gov.

## Workers’ Compensation Insurance
All employees are covered by the California Workers’ Compensation Act for
job-related injuries. Zinc pays the entire cost for this insurance. The
employee must make a written report of any job-related injury to management
within 24 hours of the injury. The employee should be aware that Workers’
Compensation insurance may not be available for an injury arising out of
voluntary participation in any off-duty recreational, social or athletic
activity not constituting part of his/her regular work-related duties.

## Unemployment Insurance
Zinc provides unemployment insurance through California and Federal
Unemployment Insurance programs. Zinc pays the entire cost for this insurance.
A terminated employee must apply to the EDD for this benefit, and that agency
will evaluate the claim.

## Health Insurance Continuation
The federal Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act (COBRA) is a federal
law that allows employees and their covered family members (“qualified
beneficiaries”) to continue group health insurance coverage at their own
expense for a period of time after the employer-provided coverage ends. Federal
COBRA gives employees and their qualified beneficiaries the opportunity to
temporarily continue their medical coverage under Zinc's group medical plan(s)
for at least 18 months when a “qualifying event” would normally result in the
loss of group health coverage. Some common qualifying events are resignation,
termination of employment, or death of an employee; a reduction in an
employee’s hours or a leave of absence; an employee’s divorce or legal
separation; and a child no longer meeting eligibility requirements. After a
qualifying event occurs, federal COBRA continuation coverage will be offered
to each person who is a “qualified beneficiary.” Qualified beneficiaries may
then elect COBRA continuation coverage but must pay the full cost of the
premium, plus an optional 2% administrative fee.

Cal-COBRA allows California employees and their qualified beneficiaries to
extend their health insurance an additional 18 months after Federal COBRA is
exhausted for up to a total of 36 months. This extension to Federal COBRA,
however, applies only to Zinc-sponsored California insured health insurance
medical plans; it does not apply to non-California plans or to Zinc-sponsored
dental and vision plans.

Notification Requirements: Zinc will notify you and any eligible family member
of the right to continue coverage at the beginning or end of your employment,
or another qualifying event that affects your (and as a result, your family
member’s) coverage. If a spouse is notified, that notice also applies for all
other covered family members residing with the spouse. However, if coverage for
a child ends as a result of a divorce or a child losing his or her eligibility,
you or your family member must notify Zinc within 60 days of the “qualifying
event.” If you or the family member fails to notify Zinc within this time
frame, COBRA coverage will not be made available to you. After you (or your
family member) has provided notification, Zinc will send you a COBRA election
form within the time allotted by law.
