# Anti-harassment and Discrimination

Zinc is setting a high standard for creating an inclusive environment where
individuals from all backgrounds can thrive. Below we describe some of the
standard definitions and protections that all Zinc employees should understand.

Zinc is committed to providing a workplace free of any form of unlawful
harassment or discrimination. Zinc strongly disapproves of and will not
tolerate harassment of employees by managers, or co-workers. Similarly, Zinc
will not tolerate harassment by its employees of non-employees with whom Zinc
employees have a business, service or professional relationship. Zinc also will
attempt to protect employees from harassment by non-employees in the workplace,
such as consultants and other vendors.

Harassment or unlawful discrimination against individuals on the basis of race,
national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or
expression, age, disability or any other classification protected by local,
state or federal laws is illegal and prohibited by Zinc policy.

Specifically, sexual harassment includes any unwanted sexual advances, requests
for sexual favors, or verbal, physical or visual conduct of a sexual nature if:

1. Submission to such conduct is made either explicitly or implicitly a term
   or condition of an individual’s employment or engagement.
2. Submission to or rejection of such conduct by an individual is used as a
   basis for decisions concerning that individual’s employment or engagement.
3. It creates an intimidating, hostile or offensive work environment or
   unreasonably interferes with an employee’s or consultant’s work performance.

Sexual harassment can include, but is not limited to, unwelcome flirtation,
verbal abuse of a sexual nature, leering, making sexual gestures, the display
of derogatory or sexually suggestive posters, cartoons, drawings or objects,
physical conduct such as touching or impeding movements or other physical or
verbal conduct of a sexual nature. Other forms of unlawful harassment or
discrimination may include racial epithets, slurs and derogatory remarks,
stereotypes, jokes, poster or cartoons based on race, national origin, age,
disability, marital status or other legally protected categories. Sexually or
other harassing conduct can be by a person of either the same or opposite sex.
Zinc believes that no employee should have to endure harassing or other
unlawful discriminatory conduct, and therefore encourages employees to report
promptly any incidents of harassment or other unlawful discrimination so that
corrective action may be taken. If you become aware of an incident of sexual or
other harassment or unlawful discrimination, involving you or someone else,
report any such incident promptly to your manager, or the appropriate person in
our Human Resources Department. Managers who receive complaints or who observe
harassing or other unlawful discriminatory conduct should immediately inform a
senior manager so that an appropriate investigation may be initiated.
Complaints will be investigated promptly, with appropriate confidentiality
under the circumstances, and follow-up reporting. Any employee or contract
worker who is determined to have engaged in sexual or other harassment or other
unlawful discrimination will be subject to appropriate discipline, up to and
including discharge or termination of the engagement.

Zinc will not tolerate retaliation against any employee or contract worker for
making a complaint of harassment or for cooperating in an investigation.

In addition to notifying Zinc about harassment or retaliation complaints,
affected employees may also direct their complaints to the California
Department of Fair Employment and Housing (“DFEH”), which has the authority to
conduct investigations of the facts. The deadline for filing complaints with
the DFEH is one year from the date of the alleged unlawful conduct. If the DFEH
believes that a complaint is valid and settlement efforts fail, the DFEH may
file a lawsuit in court. Courts have the authority to award monetary and
non-monetary relief in meritorious cases. Employees can contact the nearest
DFEH office by checking the [State Government listings on the agency’s
website](http://www.dfeh.ca.gov/) at http://www.dfeh.ca.gov/. A copy of the
[DFEH informational brochure “Sexual
Harassment”](http://www.dfeh.ca.gov/res/docs/publications/DFEH-185.pdf) is
located at http://www.dfeh.ca.gov/res/docs/publications/DFEH-185.pdf and is
incorporated by reference. You are urged to read it carefully.
